---
layout: post
title: Gizz announces new p(doom) record label
tags: [gizz, pdoom, p(doom), ai]
---
{%
	include figure.html
	src="/assets/img/news/pdoominstagram.png"
	alt="A screenshot of an Instagram post announcing p(doom) with the logo in white text on a black background."
	caption="New era // New label"
%}

Today King Gizzard and the Lizard Wizard [announced on Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/p/C6oCg4SxjWB) their new record label "p(doom) records".

Beginning with "K.G." in 2020, the band has self-released all albums on their own "*KGLW*" record label, with the exception of 2021's "*L.W.*", released on former band label *Flightless Records*. In addition, the band has distributed their records through their merch website Gizzverse.com. The post indicates *p(doom)* is the result of KGLW and Gizzverse merging. However, Gizzverse only carried merch for King Gizz and closely assosciated acts such as *The Murlocs* (Ambrose, Cookie) and *Bullant* (Joey) and the announcement indicates further releases will follow, starting with the debut LP of Jay Wilson (Gum, Pond, Tame Impala) and Ambrose dubbed *Gum/Ambrose* titled **Ill Times** (releasing July 19, 2024).

As of now all Gizzverse domains redirect to p(doom).

According to a [*Fast Company* article](https://www.fastcompany.com/90994526/pdoom-explained-how-to-calculate-your-score-on-ai-apocalypse-metric) from December 2023, "P(doom)" is a "term that began as a half-serious inside joke on tech message boards to describe the odds that AI destroys humankind". The scale is from 0-100 and it indiciates how likely a person believe an artificial intelligence apocalypse is (a p(doom) of 100 would indicate you believe an AI apocalypse is certain). 

The following Q&A is taken from the [p(doom) about page](https://pdoomrecords.com/pages/about):

<!--fold-->

> p(doom) is a record label started by the members of King Gizzard & The Lizard Wizard to put out their own records and their friends too.
> If you all keep listening to ’em, we’ll keep making ’em
> 
> 
> Q & A with Stu
> 
> *why u starting a record label? didn’t you already start one?*
>
> Yeh, we started KGLW records in 2020 to self release gizz records. p(doom) is for everyone, tho
> 
> *why dont u just sign with some massive label?*
>
> cuz if you wanna get anything done in this biz you gotta build your own sick team and do it yourself. Gizzards long time manager Michelle and I ran KGLW ourselves for a while and now we employ a small and incredible team who run the show - Julia, Lulu, Ella, Simoen & Dave. They rule.
> 
> *what happened to the gizzverse webstore?*
>
> It died, went to heaven, then possessed the body of p(doom)
> 
> *wtf r bootleggers?*
>
> we let people create and sell copies of our music - check it out
> 
> *I’m a record store, can I buy directly from you?*
>
> yup! Email Jules
> 
> *can you sign my band?*
>
> we’re an ultra small operation, but yeh, send us some music and we’ll have a listen!
> 
> LOVE STU xoxox
